Add term entry for JS Dates setUTCHours method #2549 (#2589)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/setUTCHours/setUTCHours.md

---
Title: '.setUTCHours()'
Description: 'Sets the hour value of a date object using UTC.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`.setUTCHours()`** method sets the hour value of a `Date` object according to [UTC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coordinated_Universal_Time) and returns the updated `Date` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.setUTCHours()`** method sets the hour value of a `Date` object according to UTC (Coordinated Universal Time) and returns the updated `Date` object.
```
We generally don't like to link out to Wikipedia in Docs entries.

> Optionally, you can use the method to also set the date's minute, second, and millisecond UTC values. These are the valid number ranges for the time units:

Reviewer: Move all of this about the optional parameters to the end of the Syntax section.

```pseudo
myDate.setUTCHours(hoursValue);
```

The `.setUTCHours()` method is called on the `myDate` object with an input argument `hoursValue` that passes the new hour value.

> Optionally, you can use the method to also set the date's minute, second, and millisecond UTC values. These are the valid number ranges for the time units:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, the method can also set the date's minute, second, and millisecond UTC values. The valid number ranges for the time units are as follows:
```

> **Note**: You can only set the object's second and millisecond values when the preceding time unit is defined in the method call. For example, if you want to use the method to set a `Date` object's millisecond value, you must also set its minute and second values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: You can only set the object's second and millisecond values when the preceding time unit is defined in the method call. For example, if you want to use the method to set a `Date` object's millisecond value, you must also set its minute and second values.
```

- **Hours** (required): _0_ to _23_
- **Minutes** (optional): _0_ to _59_
- **Seconds** (optional): _0_ to _59_
- **Milliseconds** (optional): _0_ to _999_

> > **Note**: You can only set the object's second and millisecond values when the preceding time unit is defined in the method call. For example, if you want to use the method to set a `Date` object's millisecond value, you must also set its minute and second values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The object's second and millisecond values can only be set when the preceding time unit is defined in the method call. For example, to set a `Date` object's millisecond value, the minute and second values must be set as well.
```

## Examples

This example sets the hour value of the `eventHour` object to `14`.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: Can we set the date to  a static value so the output would remain consistent.

const eventHour = new Date("2023-06-25T00:00:00");
eventHour.setUTCHours(14);

console.log(eventHour);
console.log(eventHour.getUTCHours());
```

> The example would output this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code above results in the following output:
```

```shell

> 2023-06-24T14:30:00.000Z

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2023-06-25T14:30:00.000Z
```
